Do you know who you have offended?
Uh-huh.
Why are you hitting me?
I hit you
Quickly kneel down and apologize to Miss Ye
Ah, are you mistaken?
You asked me to kneel down and apologize to him
Kneel down now
Dad, are you confused?
You, you asked me to kneel down and apologize to him
I am a dignified young master of the Liu family
How can I live in Qinzhou in the future?
Since he doesn't want to kneel
Then don't force him.
Do you dare to address the address?
Dad, don't hit you
Are you crazy?
Do you know that you have offended him?
Our Liu family is all over
Dad Uncle Wang
What's wrong with him? Shut up.
Your father-daughter relationship
You are no longer the daughter of the mother royal family
Forget it, what are you talking about?
What kind of crime has the emperor committed?
Reach out you dog
The Wang family was destroyed in your hands
Miss Kyuba
Let go of our Wang family